[Music]
How are you dear friends, how are you dear
lovers of the heart? Well, notice that
to my surprise I was expecting another piece of
news to look at the ratings, I
looked at them, I'm not going to lie, with the
expectation that I was going to find
a complete ruin, I mean, this edition of
Survivors, it must be recognized that it has not
been the most watched in its entire history,
of its entire career and suddenly the final
has blown it up the way the
ratings are today on Telecinco,
getting a 27.4 is literally blowing up,
more than two million viewers
saw Alejandro Nieto win
the check yesterday. Okay, it's gone up a point
compared to last year's final
in which Olga won, but
the reality is that last year with
Olga's victory it had 300,000
more viewers, which, hey, is a handful,
so nothing family, these are the
real figures, it's one of the least
watched finals in history,
but considering how things are on
Telecinco, to be honest, it's a success,
so nothing, here are the figures.
A hug.  familiar and you will be here
in a little while
[Music]